Updates link in parquet section (#309)
geopandas/dask-geopandas: doc/source/parquet.md

## Partitioning

> As outlined in [Spatial partitioning in Dask-GeoPandas](https://dask-geopandas.readthedocs.io/en/stable/guide/spatial-partitioning.html), dask-geopandas can spatially partition datasets. These partitions are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As outlined in [Spatial partitioning in Dask-GeoPandas](guide/spatial-partitioning.ipynb), dask-geopandas can spatially partition datasets. These partitions are
```

This link needs to be relative so it always leads to appropriate version of the documentation, not to stable only.
